you're live with BBC News let's turn to
the Middle East because Israel has said
it is opening the border crossing point
at Kem Shalom for more Aid to go into
the Gaza Strip the first time since the
outbreak of the war that Israel has
allowed supplies to enter Gaza from its
own territory it's a decision that's
been welcomed by the World Health
Organization the move was also supported
by the White House National Security
adviser Jake Sullivan who's visiting the
region Mr Sullivan has met today with
the Palestinian Authority president
Mahmud abas he called that Crossing
Point decision move a significant step
well our Middle East correspondent Hugo
Bea told me more about that opening of
the second crossing point and more about
those talks with Mahmud
abas an important uh announcement by the
Israeli authorities because this is
going to allow more humanitarian Aid to
be delivered to Gaza for days we've been
talking about uh the desperate situation
ation humanitarian situation in Gaza
with widespread shortages of basic
supplies also hospitals under a lot of
pressure with the health system on the
verge of collapse so now uh more uh
trucks carrying uh basic supplies will
be entering uh Gaza up until now all
trucks uh were entering uh the territory
uh through the rougher Crossing uh on
the border with Egypt and now Israel
saying that the Kem shalom crossing
point will also be open for uh the
delivery of humanitarian Aid and this
comes on the second day of the visit by
the US National Security advisor Jake
Sullivan he was in ramala in the
occupied West Bank he met the president
of the Palestinian Authority Mahmud
Abbas and yesterday he had meetings with
the Israeli leadership and I think the
message here from the Biden
Administration was that uh he was trying
to tell the Israeli military to change
you know tactics uh in Gaza and to move
to a phase that he described as more
targeted and precise uh attacks to
Target the Hamas leadership in Gaza this
obviously amid uh International pressure
on the Israelis as uh you know that have
been concerns about uh mounting civilian
casualties in Gaza and also the
worsening uh humanitarian situation and
fighting in Gaza continues and we
actually heard
the Iron Dome intercepting uh Rockets
here over the city Reports say that
three rockets were intercepted by the
country's uh military the first time
that Jerusalem came under attack uh in
several weeks so again it shows that uh
you know these groups continue to have
the capacity to launch uh Rockets uh at
Israel as this offensive this military
offensive continues in Gaza well that's
our correspondent uh there's been
reaction from the British foreign SEC
David Cameron welcoming Israel's
decision to allow the entry of Aid
through that Kem Shalom Crossing he said
very pleased to see Israel's decision to
open the crossing point it's a vital
step towards ensuring significantly more
life-saving Aid can reach the people of
Gaza so that has just been posted by the
British foreign secretary David Cameron